---
layout: posts
title: Omuamua - potato universe - work of art as access point
discription: Studio visit with Stella 9/21/20
categories: StudioVisit
tags: 
inlink1: 
inlink1Title:
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


## Omuamua - potato universe - work of art as access point


First studio visit with Stella. Our conversation revolved around the idea of non human centric meanings. Non human centric time and the laws that governs the another universe. "Another" here is not an alreanative nor a paralell universe but it is here in our universe. They are here and we have limited acces to it, since the meaning is creted by things that lives in another universe and not us. But then we still want to talk about them and name them so we can sempethise and share the joy of seeing with other people.

[Omuamua](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%CA%BBOumuamua) is a first known intersteller object flying from out of the solar system. The name is Hawaian and means "to reach out for." This encapslates this obserd "earthing" of this rock that might have had a proper name for itself. As the rock passes the solarsytem in a sliver of it's life we earth them and gives meaning, project our desire. We can only imagine what it is like to be a rock flying through galaxy and not knowing that you have a name. And you are a great descovery. We can only imagine the drama of how they got to this solar system and where it is going. Real story and meanings of this rock, we don't have access to but it is quite comical from sliver of our observation to imagine what it's thinking about. 

Meaning does't seem so central to human beings. 

Age of coparnicus but for meaning

Potato Universe


Work is an access point to another system of meaning? 
Work is an depiction of another universe earthed in ours?
Why is it so funny?


