---
layout: posts
title: Intro - smelly Japan and bugs, animals, superstitions 
discription: Studio visit with Aki 9/10/20
categories: StudioVisit
tags: Aki Japan
inlink1: /zettelkasten/2020/09/10/smelly
inlink1Title: Smelly Japan
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


## Intro - smelly Japan and bugs, animals, superstitions 


### bugs

First studio visit with Aki. We talked about electronic bugs and how they are acumilating dust and spider webb. These elements introduces idea of time. Since the electronic is now designed to last shorter and shorter, it is a contrast to think of electronics with history -- long span of time in mind. Something that can be passed down to the next generation. Relating to the solar cells and idea of long lasting object, incorporating another element to pronounce the time might be interesting. 

Aki points out the idea of construction that can faciliate other animals like spiders to make nest in. What does the design look like to host another creature?

### electronics materials

Electronic components has particular timestamp on it's material. One big destinction is pre radioshack and post redioshack. The suplychain of electronics and what is available, marks and reflect its time. 

Relationships of general public to electronic board is when the computers (and devices) are dead.

### Fortune telling

We talked about my interest in fortunetelling and tools that can offset my behavior. The quiestion come up that is it about the chance operation? There are whole sector of chance operation works in 60's(?) but are really about removing agency from decision. Aki asks, 
>if we take away chance operation from fortune telling what is it left?

We talked about quality of Japanese-ness that is more smelly
<a href="{{site.baseurl}}{{page.inlink1}}">{{page.inlink1Title}}</a> 





