---
layout: posts
title: Probe - Weather - metric without quantification
discription: Studio visit with Micheal Joo 9/23/2020
categories: StudioVisit
tags: 
inlink1: 
inlink1Title:
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


## Probe - Weather - metric without quantification


### Passivity

We started the conversation with the condition of passivity. Passive as a performer as I used words like "tending" and "witnessing" to descrive my role in my performance work. There were are question about my relationship to the sound and how much I think about composition. The music as an effect of these happening and interactions, I don't have total controll as a performer. But still I do have alot of agency over how they start, when it starts, end - and so on. Narrative that they create is faciliated by my decision for how they are arranged, connected and interacted. 

### The wheather 

He talked about wheather as an example of a phenomenan that has a factural things like rain. Rain falls in a cirtain condition and the meaning for that is just personal. Whatever condition we are in we might appreciate or it might induce a sadness or it mgiht function as a part of a narative. These meaning we make in our lives come from us. But then what do rain mean to water that's falling? Is there a narrative and meaning that we can't access? If there are can we ever access them? Is comedy in the impossibility of that and the projection of our own narrative?

This train of through have a relation ship to Language and how specificity and abstraction take place. The abstract is rooted in specific and specific inspire the abstract. 


### probe

Speaking form the passivity, part of what I make might be about making a sensetives. To measure the condition - not in mathmatics per se - but tool for witnessing. Witnesing what we might not see, whitness what is not there, and witnessing meanng that is emerging. 


### factual and abstract

Mushroom is an effect. When cirtain conditions are met they happen. There are things that we don't know exactly how it works ecactly but we know under what condition they happen. The nature of observational knowledge. Localised rooted knowledge. Interesting point here was there are systems where factural thing exisits (of what we can observe) and effect of these factural things but the metric is a mystery.

>"open ended metric"
>"metric without quantification"

These are the words I want to meditate on this coming weeks. 

