---
layout: posts
title: Leigh - what does it represent?
discription: Studio visit with Leigh Ledare 9/15/2021
categories: StudioVisit
tags: chance
inlink1: /visualverbaljourney/2020/06/17/restart/index.html
inlink1Title: chance operation
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


##  Leigh - what does it represent?

---

### What is the capacity?

What is the capacity of bugs and the system they are implicated in or inserted into? 
What is the characteristics of bugs that are particular playing a keyboard?
How do we connect to what these bugs and keybords represents emblematically? 

I think what he was getting was that there are potential and needs for this project to take a next steps.

Roughly quoted -- 

> "I want you to conclude what these mean and what they are function as, so you can create a new beggining for these work" 

> Proposition for five years ahead

How can I define what I am dealing with emblematically that can rub up again something else that creates contradiciton.
(to create a subject). Not to close up the meaning but to define some parametors for people to see through? 

How can I create something that makes something undefinable?
What is my desire for undefinable things. 


<b> I like the proces of breaking whith out breaking </b>

---


### Chance operation and chaos

Problem in the works with chance operation and chaos is why and what are we making meaning from? 
Or are we even supposed to? What am I doing different here than jast making synth that plays keyboard randomly? 
What does structure and order mean in the situation I am creating?

> "think about premis of colage"
---

### Relationships

[Antagonism and Relational Aesthetics by Clair Bishop](https://academicworks.cuny.edu/gc_pubs/96/)

[How Michel Foucault Lost the Left and Won the Right](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/25/opinion/michel-foucault.html?searchResultPosition=1)

[Kill All Normies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kill_All_Normies)

---

### Third body?

What is the connection between my resent thoughts on third body in a binary system?


Homework --> Expand on Three Body Problem






