---
layout: posts
title: Michael - Moments of poetic - breath
discription: Studio visit with Michael Joo 4/21/2021
categories: StudioVisit
tags: 
inlink1: 
inlink1Title:
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


##  Michael - Moments of poetic - breath

### connective tissue

We started talking about current stage of bug project. Are bugs losing context? 

>> Object loses connected tissue when they are out of context.

Are they separated from the transaction at this point? Is it time to move on from the project? 
Does the updated terms of service do anything new? Can it create another context? -- 

What is the connective tissue? Connective tissue between the host and the bug, bug and I.


### IR communication

We talked about my interest in IR communication. Bugs are actors. Not in a theatrical sence.
But one that acts. Can we chalenge what we consider as bugs? And can I describe everything as bugs?

Approaching communication system, he mentioned about encyclepedic system. encyclepedc system is flat and horizontal view of particular strata. 
But maybe I should approach multiple communication systems to focus on a moments where they are coexisting. 

### Breath

We talked about electronic Khaene that I am working on. I described way the breathsensor is workigng.

>> Breath is breaking the light

This practical problem solving, creating organ seems to possess something. What if I take this and make it something we can feel? Is this embedded poetry not valuable because people don't have acces to? Is it because the flue is just a flute? Why can't it be art itself? Or maybe it was more about how to make this a visual art. 

It is my assignment to think aobut expanding this phrase
Breath is breaking the light

