---
layout: posts
title: Martin - Interspecie-ness
discription: Studio visit with Martin 4/13/21
categories: StudioVisit
tags: electronics
inlink1: 
inlink1Title: 
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


### Demystifying Electronics?

Is my interest demystifying electronics? He says it seems that there are some of my attitude from my work that I am presenting; not hiding any part of mechanics of the system I am working with. Partly I am interested in demystification because how the magic and the technicality of electronics often prevent audiences who does not have experiences with electronics to have a conversation around actual "form" of electronics. 

The form in electronics is two fold - or three even

1) Visual form. Arrangements of raw material, connecting with each other creating visual pattern. <br>
2) Notational medium of drawing. The schismatic architectural drawing of how things are related to each others. The text. <br>
3) The patterns of the flow of electron that system produces as a result of specific arrangements. This can manifest in some output for us human to be able to be witnessed. The ghost. Sounds. Movement. Light. <br>

So demystification is an important process when general publics are often alienated from basic workings of electronics by the design choice (to make consumer dependent on manufacturer and also practically preserving the electronics form the elements)

I am interested in re-mystifying. After the process of demystification, there can be an another layer of wondering. Now you spent some time observing and learn how things are relating to each others, there will be possibility of new metaphor. Re-mystification. Mythology now is not protected and owned by the corporation but we have agency to language around the tools to make our own metaphors, narratives, and aesthetics. 

[Edward Tufte - The Visual Display of Quantitative Information](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_vdqi)

---

### Multiple form and stages

Martin said the my work often feels that it is not done. Last critique work having two forms; the drawings and the installation. He said it felt like there will be another stage to the work. Maybe things gets consolidated into a single vehicle? Body?

What if I reassembled the whole installation into a vehicle?

---

### Liveness

Ernie Kovacs

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DX5khYGqjPY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


There is something about liveness here that relate to my work


---

These beings are insinuating us or vise versa. 

Interspecie-ness

### Book

[Diamond Age - Neil Stephenson]()


