---
layout: posts
title: Aki - competitive spiecies
discription: Studio visit with Aki 1/28/2022
categories: StudioVisit
tags: 
inlink1: 
inlink1Title: 
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---


### Object that I bring and objects thats there

We talked about my interest in the swarming. We encounter the infestation. First thing we talked about is that, objects like stools, (object I bring and stage) seem to communicate less about bugs movement but rather the diorama, the staged things. "composition" in a sence of ochestra where I am just placing them as I please. In this sence it's like a painting?
There might be more potential when it is working with pre exisiting architectural elements. Bugs find the place. 


### Light sourece

Light source will and should play an important role because they are the food and meens of movement. The life.
So how do bugs make desisiton to keep being under the light? 
There needs to be more of a dialogue, complication of this bugs and the source. 

Bill Jenkins - Artist has a piece where he funnel the sunlight with large tube to the other dark side of the building.

The scarecity of the light might induce some evolution - reasoning and meaning of why they go where they go

>> bugs should be hungry

What does it mean that bug is hungry? They want sun/light so they are hungry when they are not in sun or light.
Should they accuire a way to move towards the light? Or infultrate some system so it could give them lights. 

The point here was, how can they evolve? 


### Video Game

I asked a question in the end, "What am I in this because I want them to do their thing but at the same time I am making them, and making decision for  them. How can I acknowledge me being inseperable from them? We are actually part of eachothers?" 

Aki says "you are playing a video game. It is a role play and you are the player"


I wonder if it always will be this way? How can video game get more closer to our lives? Like pokemon go.
Suspended virtural system starting to have real afect and consequesnces. Or that they are not going away? 




### Survival? 

What do they really want? Where do they wanna be? Go to? What do you want to be on?
What's your deam? what am I paraciting really? Or is paraciting even a good word?

What are they really for? - simulation of artificial swarm? 
Expressing the fear of swarm? why? 

>> I think it's an awe of density of information. Dencity of potential mate, reproduction process. Overwhealming amount of concentration of quincedences or un-imaginable in evitability. <b> Third body in play </b>

What does survival means to them? How should they evolve?
What is the nessesity?  - to be able to occupy sonic landscape participating the rest of world


If I give you a competition, what will happen? First I need to decide what is the goal of species. 

-The access to sun?
-Auditory presence?
-Human attention?
-Potential carriors? 
-Reproduction?

Is it the being part of human landscape that it exist as a normal sound? Assimilaiton to the system. 

>> The real competition is actually the categorization itsel.















