---
layout: posts
title: 
discription: 
categories: Zettelkasten
tags: criticalPractice 
inlink1: /zettelkasten/2020/07/01/HelloKitty.md
inlink1Title: 
exlink1: https://www.youtube.com/embed/dU0g5fAA2QY
exlink1Title: James Baldwin on Artist's Struggle for Integrity

---



## James Baldwin on Artist's Struggle for Integrity

Struggle as an vantage point

<div class="videowrapper">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dU0g5fAA2QY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

---

### words

He starts with describing term like artist, integrity, democracy, peace as imprecise words. And they are our attempt to get to something real behind these words. What these word references are what we believe its real. Struggle for integrity here seems to me here is that the believing and standing by these idea and nodes, words that they are real and they do have meaning. And your work, artists work is for the reality we believe and seek. At last I am the one who must stand by my particular kinds of assignment, struggle. 

Another thought on what this integrity really means --- words feels less meaningful and less precise when it is overused - especially when it is used without care and consideration to what these words really holds. Words are sometimes used to only for an reference for an idea for the purpose for marketing or louring our reactions. Maybe the integrity here -- is for us to do our work to be able to keep true in these words. Make these words real and possible make new to keep this reality true to us. Against diluting. 

### struggle

There are an undertone to an idea of martyr. The struggle being an essential part of the idea of artist. Struggle is stated to be universal and struggle for integrity as metaphor for struggle to become human. He references "bringing light" to someone who might hurt you because they live in the dark. And it does not matter what happens to you(artist) but there is a responsibility for such work. The narrative created resembles Christian story and ideology, particularly idea of sin, liberation, martyr. 

Struggle is not a word I think of everyday. My particular struggle as whatever maybe feel so far from a magnitudes of what is talked here. If struggle is universal, as I interpreted form this recording that finding and confronting the particularity of single experience and working with them might give an individual empathy for others' struggles. In looking this through America as a problem, suffering, struggle, injustice are essential to American experience. And as an ambiguous looking alien landing on a land of struggle, what is my roll here? What is my struggle? And is that even the operating system that I need to reside to participate in this conversation?

 Is struggle an game engine? Is it an oscillating American engine that is made so well that will not stop? As he mentioned 1963 where we mark 57 years from this lecture. Creating profitable nodes on the landscape of social media with cultural value and magnitude. Alongside of other entertaining social change contents on a suggested bar. Struggle as an entertainment. Struggle seemed to be recognized as profitable in an eyes of 21 century informational marketing. 






