---
layout: posts
title: Link 0b Nature of Things - seeing the patterns
discription: Revisiting visual verbal journey link 0b
categories: VisualVerbalJourney
tags: chance algorithm
inlink1: /Zettelkasten/2020/06/26/MatsuoShrine
inlink1Title: Matsuo Shrine
exlink1: 
exlink1Title: 

---

# Revisiting visual verbal journey - Introduction Link 0b
---

### Nature of things


>Model = a system or thing used as an example to follow — an
actual person or place on which a specified fictional character or location is based


---

## 1. Where the Heart Beats - John Cage, Zen Buddhism, and the Inner Life  <a name="johncage_chance"></a>

[John Cage "self-alteration-rather-self-expression"](https://improvisedlife.com/2017/03/22/art-self-alteration-rather-self-expression-john-cage/#:~:text=Art%20as%20Self%2DAlteration%2C%20Rather,than%20Self%20Expression%20(John%20Cage)&text=It's%20an%20astonishingly%20rich%20book,as%20well%20as%20a%20life.)

>“Then the answers, instead of coming from my likes and dislikes, come from chance operations, and that has the effect of opening me to possibilities that I hadn’t considered. Chance-determined answers will open my mind to the world around.”

>"implication is every answer is good"

By making decision for the aspects of work, defining the parameters, and sequence of event with I ching - chance operation, the work is discovered from a process of execution. While decisions of operation is made, the body still need to execute the work which result in variations of inaccuracy. Mathematical idea have to take a shape in organic and granular world.

CNC and other digital fabrication medium highlights relationship between notational medium - mathematical coordinate system and the organic space the operation takes place.   

<div class="videoWrapper">
<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/24491037?color=737373&title=0&portrait=0" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<p><a href="https://vimeo.com/24491037">positioning systems I - falling objects</a> from <a href="https://vimeo.com/user2867678">pe lang</a> on <a href="https://vimeo.com">Vimeo</a>.</p>
</div>

The chance operation takes and weight away from the desire of controlled expression - the intent of work. Rather thinking about decisions and aspect of work as good or bad in relation to your desired effect, chance operation make us observe and enjoy the process of thing being made and expressed through our body. 

"only thing I can't tell is the movement of the brush, I have to except it"

There is something fresh thinking about acceptance. Coming in terms with differences between references (idea) and the thing that are made (execution, happening). It allow the person who is making work to be a collaborator and observer taking a burden off of expectation of making something they think they should. 

In an informational age, we research everything, form what toothpaste I should buy to where to live to how we should approach life via articles, reviews and opinions. I find myself having 15 tabs opened on my web browser about this one shoes I am thinking of buying. We might be able to control many aspect of our lives than ever before. Than the idea of implementing the chance operation to our lives seems difficult. 

What become important here? Is it how we interpret and execute the notational work? Or is it how we create the system of operation, the algorithm? Maybe they are together the work as whole. This idea expands the art work as an instance to life around the work. Just as Cage collecting and carrying the rocks that he lived with as point of entry to his drawing, things around us - systems we have cerated around us informs what comes out of us as a work - some of them which we may or may not be able to control but thinking in this way can highlight the expression that comes through way we live our lives. 
in of the word resource meaning to rise again …to recover and its relationship to the essence 

Joan Watson's on metaphor:

>"RE Walter Benjamin on metaphor: the origin of the word, metaphor: to transfer …Metaphor is a transference process. It’s a process in
which we participate — a continual transference of information from the physical to the mental plane = the making of art = transformation."
